PEP 756: Give up on copying memory (#3999)
python/peps: peps/pep-0756.rst

UTF-8 format
------------

CPython 3.14 doesn't use the UTF-8 format internally and doesn't support
exporting a string as UTF-8. The ``PyUnicode_AsUTF8AndSize()`` function
can be used instead.

> The ``PyUnicode_FORMAT_UTF8`` format is provided for compatibility with
> PyPy which uses UTF-8 natively for strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``PyUnicode_FORMAT_UTF8`` format is provided for compatibility with
alternate implementations which may use UTF-8 natively for strings.
```

I believe MicroPython also uses UTF-8 internally, but the point is to allow an API that is adaptable and can be consistent for other implementations, so we don't really need to specify any particular implementation.

Providing a UTF-16 value for the same purpose probably wouldn't hurt. Nobody _has_ to implement it, and if a caller was going to receive it and then convert anyway then they should not specify the type and call one of the converting functions.
